Hello Hanzel Space Font Downloader,

Please Read this first carefully before install the font. By installing or using this font you agree to the

Product Usage Agreement: hanzelspace.com/

This font is for PERSONAL USE ONLY and NO COMMERCIAL USE ALLOWED (If you make
money with my font please purchase the license)

For more information please contact my email : hanzelspace.studio@gmail.com
For detail commercial use license please visit :
https://hanzelspace.com/product/orcish-handmade-font/

Product Description :

This font is made with natural characters with smooth curves so that it has a unique character in each letter and also displays a pleasant impression.

Orcish brings a sense of warmth and charm to any visual project. Perfect for packaging, branding, posters, or social media, this typeface captures the essence of playfulness with its unique curves and interesting shapes. It’s a typeface that instantly makes any design more approachable and expressive.

Font Include :

– Orcish TTF, OTF, WOFF

Features:

– Full Set of standard alphabet and punctuation
– Multilingual Characters (ÁÂÄÀÅÃÆÇÐÉÊËÈÍÎÏÌÑÓÔÖÒØÕÚÛÜÙẂŴẄẀÝŶŸỲ áâäàåãæçðéêëèíîïìñóôöòøõœúûüùẃŵẅẁýŷÿỳ€£¥)

Happy Design

Thank You!

Hanzel Space

Link For Purchase Commercial Use :
https://hanzelspace.com/product/orcish-handmade-font/

Link Donation :
https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/HanzelSpace

ATTENTION :
WARNING!!!
IMPORTANT NOTES FOR FONT USERS:
The use of a font without a license may result in a fine of USD $30,000 and/or legal proceedings in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Indonesia, specifically Law Number 28 of 2014 concerning Copyright (UUHC 2014).

ATTENTION :
WARNING!!!
Penggunaan font tanpa lisensi dapat dikenakan denda sebesar USD $30.000 dan/atau di proses sesuai hukum yang berlaku pada Undang-Undang Republik Indonesia Nomor 28 Tahun 2014 tentang Hak Cipta (UUHC 2014)

1. Dalam penggunaan komersial, lisensi berlaku sejak pertama kali font digunakan untuk keperluan komersial.

2. Pembelian lisensi setelah adanya pemberitahuan terkait ditemukannya penggunaan font tanpa lisensi dapat dikenakan denda dan/atau kewajiban sanksi royalti sesuai dengan peraturan yang berlaku.